docs: Add documentation on how to add debug in your own code #8315 (#8344)
loopbackio/loopback-next: docs/site/Setting-debug-strings.md

    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Adding debugs

> As seen before, LoopBack as built-in debug strings to help with debugging.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
As seen before, LoopBack has built-in debug strings to help with debugging.
```

> LoopBack use internally the `debug` package, even if there's no mandate for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LoopBack uses the `debug` package internally. Even if there's no mandate for
```

LoopBack users to use the same library, you can use this package in your

> application to help debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application to help with debugging.
```

To do so, you can define your own debug strings like demonstrated in this
example:

```ts
// Import from debug
import debugFactory from 'debug';

// Define your custom debug string
const debug = debugFactory('example:debug:factory');

// Use it in your code
debug('Oops there was an error!');
```

> To debug parts of your app with this custom debug string, you can run the next
> command: `DEBUG=example:debug:factory npm start`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To debug parts of your app with this custom debug string, you can run:

```sh
DEBUG=example:debug:factory npm start
```
````

> > Read the documentation of [debug](https://www.npmjs.com/package/debug) to know
> > how to customize output messages

Reviewer: Let's give a more generic pointer, since the `debug` documentation essentially lays out everything about the package itself:

```suggestion
Refer to the [debug](https://www.npmjs.com/package/debug) documentation for more information.
```
